DAN: Things on Earth were going really well
after the Bakugan came to live with us.
But then out of nowhere, we were invaded
by these mysterious evil Mechtogan,
who were intent on destroying everything!
Cordegon, Slycerak,
Exostriker, and Mandibor were their names.
And leading them was this clown, Wiseman.
They also had help form an evil pack of Bakugan
called the Nonets.
Luckily for us, we had our own secret weapon
in the form of Dragonoid Destroyer.
So we fought back, because no one is gonna take our freedom.
Not now, not ever!
\u266a What are you gonna do
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a You gotta give it your all
\u266a Ah-ah, ah-ah-ah-ah, this is the final stand \u266a
\u266a Ah-ah, ah-ah-ah-ah
\u266a The power's in your hands
\u266a Two worlds collide on the inside \u266a
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone
\u266a This is Bakugan \u266a
Finally, I am rid of all the vermin who have stood in the way
of my master plan!
Now I can get on with the business of destroying
Bakugan City and all those who inhabit it.
What?
Where did you miserable insects come from?
We've come back from the future to stop you in your tracks.
Your days of destruction are over!
We're gonna wipe you from the history books!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in:
\u266a
Hey, you guys! Welcome back. It's your favourite
roving reporter Julie here!
Live from downtown Bakugan City!
We're here to cover all the festivities happening today
as we commemorate the one year anniversary
of the day the Bakugan came to live on Earth.
(Laughing)
As you all know, things have been a bit insane
around the city these days, so I thought I'd turn the microphone
over to you to see what the public is thinking
on this historic day.
Are you serious? Has it really been a year already?
What a surprise!
BAKUGAN: The first few months really flew by, those were good times
with lots of happy memories.
Lately that hasn't been the case, though,
now that Baku Arenas have been shut down.
It's understandable given the threat that Wiseman posed.
We're just hopeful that the Brawlers can defeat our enemies
so that one day, things will get back to normal.
ALL: Bakugan battling is the coolest!
BOTH: We love brawling, too.
ALL: The Bakugan are our friends!
For reals? You're saying Dan and the others just disappeared?
MIRA: Sort of. They were heading to Wiseman's secret hideout
when we lost contact with them.
And we haven't been able to raise them
on the Bakumeter since.
Oh my gosh! Dan!
No need to worry, Julie.
We're on the case.
We're gonna find them no problem.
I'm sure everything is fine
and there's a reasonable explanation for it.
We should hurry, Runo.
Coming!
Okay, guys, wait!
Huh?
Just hold on a second, okay?
What?
I've decided I'm coming along with you too.
Uh, I don't think that's a good idea.
DAN: Mira, Runo!
We're here!
I know this is gonna sound weird,
but is Bakugan City still there?
Yeah, of course it is. Where else would it be, Dan?
Are you sure that you guys are all right over there?
SHUN: We're fine.
MARUCHO: We'll explain things later.
Marucho! Shun! Hey, guys!
It's good to hear your voices.
We were super worried about all of you.
Glad you're okay.
Looks like we made it, guys.
And not a minute too late.
We've been given a second chance
to avoid that horrible future we saw.
Failure is not an option, everyone. Let's win this!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Your arrogance is so absurd!
It's almost pathetic, boy.
You don't stand a chance against me!
(Menacing laughter)
Listen up, Runo.
We've got some unfinished business to take care of
but as soon as we're through,
we'll be home to celebrate with all of you.
(All gasping)
Dan, wait! Come back!
Hm...
\u266a
Okay, you guys!
Let's get this party started!
Ability Activate!
Dragon Asteroid!
Attack!
It's going to take more than that.
Ability Activate!
Slash Boomerang!
(Growling)
My turn.
Ability Activate!
Harvey Cannon!
You're gonna pay for what you did to Gunz.
Ability Activate!
Illusion Stealth Confusion!
Now you see us...
Now... You don't!
\u266a
Ability Activate!
Super Explosion Burning!
This way, big bro.
Right behind you!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: And what do you think you're doing?
Ability Activate!
Supreme Jet Shock!
(Roaring)
(Groaning)
Let's get in there, Roxtor! Ability Activate!
Under Explosion!
(Laughing victoriously)
Where are you going?! Whoa!
(Booming)
Nice one!
We pulled the rug out from underneath him!
\u266a
DRAGO: Unbelievable!
RADIZEN: Seriously! Unbelievable!
\u266a
Did you really think it was going to be that easy?
I've gotta find them. They'll need as much help
as they can get against Mechtavius Destroyer.
Well, I'm coming with you.
You're a reporter. Not a battler.
Right, I am a reporter! That's why there's no way
I'm going to pass up the chance to cover what will be
my biggest scoop ever!
I mean, seriously! Talk about real life drama!
The viewers need to see this!
So make sure you keep up with me!
Are you coming too, Runo?
RUNO: Uh-uh. I'm gonna stay behind and man the battle suits
just in case those guys call for them.
Okay then.
Make sure you guys fly safe.
You got it, Runo.
(Engine powering up)
We'll be back with Dan and the others in no time!
\u266a
Now it's my turn to play!
(Roaring)
(Booming)
He's not fooling around.
No kidding!
Ugh... Okay, time to change strategy.
Drago! Reptak! Let's combine!
What do you mean \"combine,\" man?
It's a new trick we have in our arsenal, Gunz.
Check it out!
Are you ready, Reptak?
You bet, Drago!
BOTH: Bakugan Unite!
\u266a
That's awesome!
Let's go! Jaakor! Skytruss! Orbeum!
(Roaring)
ORBEUM: Bakugan Unite!
Combined ninjas Herculean power!
Radizen! Roxtor! Now!
You got it, boss! Aw, yeah!
RADIZEN: Bakugan Fuse!
Here comes your worst nightmare combo!
Fusion Ability Activate!
Terror Blue!
(Screeching)
United Ability Activate!
Supreme Jet Shock!
Flame Harvey Cannon!
REPTAK: Time to annihilate this evil scourge!
\u266a
(Groaning)
Keep the power up, you guys.
(Booming)
No way!
(Menacing laughter)
\u266a
Whoa! Gotta go! Gotta go!
Don't you understand?
No matter what you do,
no matter what you throw at me,
you insects will never be strong enough to take me down.
(Menacing laughter)
I will drive you to extinction, Bakugan!
MARUCHO: We might need our own Mechtogan to win this, guys!
Are you okay, Reptak?
He might be okay now, but he won't be for long!
Hah!
We have to fight fire with fire, guys!
After all, not all Mechtogan are evil scum like this lousy creep.
Dragonoid Destroyer!
\u266a
Bakugan Brawl!
Gunz! Launch me onto Dragonoid Destroyer, too!
What are you-- what are you talking about?
Just trust me, okay?
Come on!
Okay. Let's do it!
Bakugan Brawl!
Let's go, Drago! Ready!
DRAGO: Ride on!
(Groaning)
Now you're just annoying me!
Runo?
Coordinates locked on!
Battle suit Fortatron, teleport to Jaakor!
And Combustoid, over to Reptak!
\u266a
(Grunting)
RUNO: Connection complete! Battle systems are on,
and synchronization rate is 100%.
That's what I'm talking about!
Jump, Thorak!
Come now, Flytris!
\u266a
Whoa...
I am Thorak! Here to serve my masters,
Shun and Jaakor.
And I am Flytris, here to destroy any evil
that tries to harm Marucho and Radizen!
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Together, we will take down the evil Mechtogan
who sullies our name!
\u266a
Okay, everyone! Full on attack!
Battle suits! Digital camouflage on!
\u266a
Augh!
(Grunting) You traitors make me sick!
Change tactic!
Stay on him! Let's go!
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Earth Revolver! I'm going to enjoy this!
Force Cannon!
You're going down!
Your little tricks are all useless.
Surprise, dirt bag!
(Groaning)
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: You're going to pay for that one!
THORAK: You'll have to go through me first.
Attack!
(Booming)
Get us in there, boss!
Fusion Ability Activate!
MARUCHO: Abyss Render!
FLYTRIS: Swirly action!
I can't wait to see the look on his face!
(Moaning)
How do ya like me now?!
\u266a
Brawlers are... totally awesome in action!
Hey! Check it out! Over there!
\u266a
We interrupt this broadcast to bring you breaking news
from everybody's favourite roving reporter, Julie.
So get ready for it. Let's cut to her live
from the scene somewhere near Volcano Island.
Oh, what's going on? What the heck?!
Hey there, everyone. This is Julie here with you.
I'm bringing you all of the incredible action
from the Battle Brawlers' most fearsome fight ever
against Mechtavius Destroyer. This one's gonna be epic!
Mark my words!
Huh? Check it out!
That's my helicopter up there. Mira's here!
Attack!
Earth Revolver!
\u266a
MIRA (VOICEOVER): I don't understand. Dragonoid Destroyer is only working
at 90% of his full power.
Are you there, Dan? Huh? I'm here!
My diagnostic scan shows that Dragonoid Destroyer
is only fighting at 90% efficiency.
But that doesn't make any sense!
MIRA: You need to find out why, guys.
Dragonoid Destroyer, what's going on?
Why are you still holding back 10% of your powers?
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Not all of us are here yet!
\u266a
Whoa!
Dan, no!
(Moaning)
Hit him again, brother!
You got it!
Let me help!
Down you go!
Fusion Ability Activate! Terror Blue!
We'll keep fighting until you go down!
Let's hit him again!
Hold on a second, big bro!
What's happening?
Something's not right here.
It... feels creepy!
No kidding! I'm totally freaked out.
Let's hold back, Dan. It could be a trap.
I'm through toying with you.
I think it's finally time that I show you the full extent
of my mighty power!
Now stand back and bow at my feet!
Quick! Cross gear shield! Full power!
No one will harm my master!
\u266a
JULIE: Whoa, hold on, everyone!
This is gonna get really rough!
(Booming)
\u266a
(Gasping) Look down there!
Volcano Island disappeared!
Oh my gosh!
\u266a
Any final words, fools?
This isn't over!
Taking out the island would have used up a lot of his energy.
His defenses will probably be down now.
This is our chance to get the upper hand!
Okay! Let's hit him all together!
Force Cannon!
(Grunting)
Fusion Ability Activate!
Terror Blue!
You're finished!
Not even close, you insolent swine!
What's wrong, am I too fast for you?
(Groaning)
I'll find his weak spot yet!
Reptak! Take him down!
Only one problem, punk!
I don't have a weak spot!
Are you okay there, Reptak, buddy?
Yeah. That hurt.
Maybe you should battle with Dan as your partner instead of me.
So what do you think?
REPTAK: Why, Gunz?
GUNZ: I don't have the experience with jumping attacks or battle suits,
and it's a real liability now.
I need to think of the greater good here.
We'll have lots of time to get back into sync once again
as partners as soon as this battle is over.
Now go find Dan! Before it's too late, okay, Reptak?
Gunz...
GUNZ: You don't have to say anything! I'm okay with this. Really.
So do what you have to do to win, all right?
Lots has definitely happened since Wiseman kept you
locked away in a coma, but one fact still remains.
You are my one and true partner. End of story.
We're going to win this, and we're going to do it together.
Thanks, my friend.
Watch out, Jaakor!
This is bad!
\u266a
(Booming)
Gunz, no! Aw, snap!
Huh? I don't believe it, guys!
\u266a
What? What the heck just happened?
REPTAK: That should have been a direct hit!
\u266a
Who is that?!
I am Chromopod!
A Mechtogan born of my masters, Gunz and Reptak!
\u266a
We created...
Our own Mechtogan!
\u266a
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Now we're all here!
DAN: Now that Gunz and Reptak created their own
Mechtogan, Chromopod, we may actually have a chance
to take down Mechtavius Destroyer once and for all!
Not only do we have another giant wrecking ball
to add to our team, but also Dragonoid Destroyer
is finally battling at 100% of his full ability.
In fact, Dragonoid Destroyer undergoes some kind
of metamorphosis and turns golden right around
the same time that this crazy light show starts happening
in the skies over Bakugan City. But don't take my word for it!
Tune in and check it out for yourself.
This is the final Bakugan Battle ever!
But I promise you, we're saving the best for last!
\u266a